as a tech reviewer I think one of the
more important things I have to do is to
remain impartial not just to try
different brands and try different
products and stuff like that but also to
try to look at products and try to
respect what the companies tried to do
when they developed it like no companies
out there trying to make bad products
they're trying to make good stuff but
invariably there are bad products and
right now Apple's products line up
particularly their computing products
it's really pissing me off just as a bit
of a back story before I started youtube
I was an avid Apple user I wasn't like
an Apple fanboy or anything like that I
had a MacBook Air at an iPhone I wasn't
hard to the core but I enjoyed the Apple
ecosystem but as I started making
YouTube videos I realized that I had to
try things that I didn't prefer I had to
try Android phones I had to try Windows
PCs I had to just use stuff that I
didn't prefer using just so I could
actually have a better grasp of what was
going on in the industry and as my
channel grew I was exposed to more and
more devices I saw more computers more
phones and a lot of the reasons that I
enjoyed the Apple products were kind of
verified by looking at other brands like
I enjoyed the build quality of Apple
products and even to this day I still
think Apple has the best built laptops
in the world right now no one beats them
they are literally the best built
laptops but then you look at the inside
and you look at the internals on the
specs and all the nitty-gritty stuff and
you look at how the industry has kind of
shaped over the course of 2018 and you
see how Apple has done their stuff over
2018 it just grinds my gears I'm gonna
take a look at the MacBook Pros first
the 13 inch and the 15 inch and these
are both the 2017 models they're both
running these seventh gen Intel
processors the 13-inch one is running au
processor it's a weaker version and the
15-inch model is running a H processor
which is a stronger version but both of
them are basically the strongest MacBook
Pros that Apple sells right now the
problem is that the entire industry has
shifted over to the 8th gen CPUs and
they are so much faster than the seventh
gen CPUs now a lot of the stuff that I
deal with is more processor intensive
like video editing and stuff is not
something that's light so I understand
that this won't affect most people but
like the entire industry has shifted
over to 8th gen CPS since like November
of 2017 so in November of last year they
could have upgraded the 13-inch model
they didn't but they could have and in
April of this year they could have
upgraded the 15 inch model because
that's when basically all the Windows
laptops out there were refreshing their
devices to the 8th gen CPUs these guys
haven't done it and it's punishing to
the user base if you're an Adobe user
and you're looking to buy a new computer
and you're looking at a MacBook Pro
you're wrong that's the wrong device you
need to be buying a Windows laptop right
now because the difference in
performance between a 7th gen and an 8th
gen CPU it's so big and the entire user
base is getting screwed and then you
take a look at the stuff like the drives
being soldered on and being forced to
purchase the touch bar which most people
don't find all that useful it's just
more stuff that Apple does that feels
really aggressive for no particular
reason and I like Mac OS I actually
prefer using Mac OS much more than I
prefer using Windows but if I'm using
their hardware right now I'm forced to
use dated hardware that feels
significantly slower than Windows
Hardware now I also want to take a look
at the iMac pros these are devices that
are really powerful they're expensive
but they're really powerful the thing is
you're forced once again to purchase a
whole bunch of stuff that you may not
need like ECC memory and xeon processors
and a 5k panel like they're all really
good things well some of it is they're
all good but a lot of people don't need
it but they're forced to purchase it
because they want that higher core cam
and here's the thing a lot of people
don't even understand that the iMac Pro
like the 8 core like the base model the
8 core I mic Pro is actually slower than
a 6 core laptop in Adobe Premiere so one
of those new Windows laptops will render
a video faster than the $5,000 machine
that looks really beautiful but isn't a
good fit for most people who are
actually considering it if you look at
the iMac like the regular iMac they're
actually in a weird spot if they upgrade
the iMac to the 8th gen CPUs like the
rest of the industry has it'll be a lot
cheaper than an iMac Pro but the
performance will be really similar so I
don't know how Apple's gonna handle that
I think if they come out with that new
iMac it's gonna cannibalize the sales of
their iMac pros ok the entire computer
lineup right now though feels overpriced
under
more so than the average Apple kind of
price premium that we're used to paying
because of that huge gap in performance
from the 7th and the HSN CPUs okay
iPhones I recently dropped my iPhone 10
it was in a case and I was off a very
normal coffee table got bumped off the
edge maybe like 18 24 inches at most and
it cracked hard and here's the thing
this is a thousand dollar phone I didn't
get AppleCare on it I kind of regret it
but it was a thousand dollar phone I'm
not gonna pay an extra two hundred
dollars like that becomes a $1,200 phone
and when I tried to repair it I was told
that this is considered an out of
warranty repair because it's accidental
damage and it's 550 US dollars to repair
that back panel in their defense not
really defense but the reason is that
they have to replace the entire back and
internals of the phone not the front
glass and the whatever but the internals
have to all be swapped including the
back panel and that's why I caused so
much that is crazy for that money for
$550 you can buy a brand new one plus 6
and have 20 dollars to spare so I think
for most people common sense would
dictate that this is not worth a $550
repair bill it's fully functional it's
just ugly a sin I probably put a skin on
this or something and call it a day ok
the bottom line is this Apple's entire
lineup right now with our computing
lineup and the price of their phone
repairs is just it's crazy right now I
feel like the customers are getting
screwed left right and center and this
is the world we live in
ok hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subs we loved it see
you guys next time